Update README.md (#392)
3rdparty/eventuals: README.md

> ## User Guide

Reviewer: Let's actually move [Building/Testing](https://github.com/3rdparty/eventuals#buildingtesting) and [Visual Studio Code and Bazel Set Up](https://github.com/3rdparty/eventuals#visual-studio-code-and-bazel-set-up) down to the [Contributing](https://github.com/3rdparty/eventuals#contributing) section. That way `User Guide` will come first.

> **[eventuals-tutorial](https://github.com/3rdparty/eventuals-tutorial) - is a good place to get started basing on the eventual's theory below!**
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bazel
For an example of how to depend on eventuals via Bazel in your own project you'll need to copy the lines selected in [WORKSPACE.bazel](https://github.com/3rdparty/eventuals-tutorial/blob/main/WORKSPACE.bazel#L3-L31) from our [eventuals-tutorial](https://github.com/3rdparty/eventuals-tutorial) repository.
```
